add relative path snippet (#6547)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/project-configs/macro-paths.md

Optionally specify a custom list of directories where [macros](/docs/build/jinja-macros#macros) are located. Note that you cannot co-locate models and macros.

## Default

> By default, dbt will search for macros in a directory named `macros`, i.e. `macro-paths: ["macros"]`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, dbt will search for macros in a directory named `macros`. For example, `macro-paths: ["macros"]`. 
```

import RelativePath from '/snippets/_relative-path.md';

<RelativePath 
path="macro-paths"
absolute="/Users/username/project/macros"
/>

- ✅ **Do:**
    ```yml

>     # Recommended relative path example

Reviewer: Can we put "Recommended relative path example" and "Avoid using absolute paths" where "Do" and "Don't" are?
